[v7r1] docs: user manage, proxy manager (issue #4702) (#4853)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/UserManagement/index.rst

Each user has a username as a unique identifier. Username can be created manually by administrator or automaticaly by scripts.
User attributes are described in the **/Registry/Users** section. To provide authentication a user must have the `DN` attribute, read more about :ref:`authentication <manageAuthNAndAuthZ>`.
User has permissions. To describe permissions we use groups.

What is the DIRAC groups?
-------------------------

DIRAC groups collects DIRAC users and are described in the **/Registry/Groups** section, each subsection of the group is a description of the users permissions and rights for various Grid operations and
is associated with DIRAC Virtual Organization. The name of the DIRAC group usually consists of the DIRAC VO name and a word that describes the permissions for group users,
for example "dteam_user", "dteam_pilot", "dteam_admin".

What is the DIRAC Virtual Organization(VO)?
-------------------------------------------

The VO is a term coming from grid infrastructures where VO parameters are handled by the VOMS services. In DIRAC VO is not necessarily corresponding to some VOMS described VO.

> However, the DIRAC VO describtion can include specific VOMS information. It is not manadatory for the DIRAC VO to have the same name as the corresponding VOMS VO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the DIRAC VO description can include specific VOMS information. It is not mandatory for the DIRAC VO to have the same name as the corresponding VOMS VO.
```

However, having these names the same can avoid confusions at the expense of having names longer than necessary. DIRAC VO must be described in the **/Registry/VO** section.

Consider the registration process
---------------------------------

User management has been provided by the Registry section of the Configuration System. To manage it you can use:

>   * dirac-admin commands to managing Registry

Reviewer 2: Specify better.

>   * :ref:`dirac commands <registry_cmd>` to managing Registry

Reviewer: No indentation, but newlines before and after the bullet lists

> .. _admin_usermanagement:

Reviewer 3: Can you factorize this doc with https://dirac.readthedocs.io/en/rel-v7r1/AdministratorGuide/HowTo/authentication.html ? There are quite a lot of duplicates. Maybe all the command examples should go in the how-to 

And maybe adding a few words and links to the ProxyProvider ?
